[docs][data grid] Revise the Data Grid getting started docs (#15757)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/performance/performance.md

}
```

> An easy way to prevent re-renders is to extract any and all objects that can be static, and to memoize any and all objects that depends other objects.

Reviewer: (Could be just me) but "any and all objects" twice makes it a little confusing:
```suggestion
An easy way to prevent re-renders is to extract any and all objects that can be static, and to memoize those depending on other objects.
```
